as an effective range up to one of the
yards this could turn out to be the most
effective anti-terrorist device ever
invented dr. powers limits not to me it
is you could have been killed
is this what you're doing with my work
frankly sir it exists cookie blue
directly involved with a project today
forgive that I'm trying to convince this
boy to come back into the fold
I'll give you 250 thousand dollars to
tell me what's going on with you tonight
I figure I got a couple of hours before
they realize they missed your story
keeps getting crazier and crazier I
don't know what to believe
do you enjoy enjoy knowing what the
truth is he's gonna sell in scout and
he's gonna sell it to terrorists and
he's gonna smell it for a whole lot of
money how is he gonna pull this off none
of that is any of your business
these people are trying to kill me it's
my business
accidents